# QR Code Generator REST API

The QR Code Generator REST API is a tool designed to facilitate the creation and management of QR codes for various types of information, including URLs, text, and Wi-Fi network configurations. 

## Features

- User Authentication and Authorization
- QR Code Generation
- QR Code Management
- User Management (Admin Only)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
git clone <repository_url>
cd qr_code_api_project

3. Install dependencies:
pip install -r requirements.txt

4. Apply database migrations:
python manage.py migrate

5. Start the development server:
python manage.py runserver

## Usage

### Authentication

- `POST /api/auth/register`: Register a new user with email and password.
- `POST /api/auth/login`: Log in with email and password to obtain an authentication token.

### QR Code Generation and Management

- `POST /api/qrcodes`: Generate a new QR code by providing the type of information and relevant data.
- `GET /api/qrcodes/:id`: Retrieve details of a specific QR code by its ID.
- `GET /api/qrcodes`: Retrieve a list of all QR codes generated by the authenticated user.
- `PUT /api/qrcodes/:id`: Update the data associated with a specific QR code.
- `DELETE /api/qrcodes/:id`: Delete a QR code specified by its ID.

### User Management (Admin Only)

- `GET /api/users`: Retrieve a list of all users (admin privilege required).
- `PUT /api/users/:id`: Update user details (admin privilege required).
- `DELETE /api/users/:id`: Delete a user account (admin privilege required).

## Dependencies

- Django==4.2
- djangorestframework==3.12.4
- psycopg2-binary==2.9.6

## Contributors

- [Tsilkostas](https://github.com/Tsilkostas/QrCode_Project)

